Readme.markdown, before:

Cirrus
======

Overview
--------

Threading sucks. It takes work and expertise to correctly utilize multiple threads for an actual performance gain. Cirrus is a multimedia-oriented framework that will leverage [hybrid threading](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thread_%28computer_science%29#N:M_.28Hybrid_threading.29) for both increased concurrency and programmer sanity.

Currently, I am releasing the concurrency core of Cirrus which implements [fibers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiber_%28computer_science%29) with [coroutines](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coroutine). It is easy to learn and can be consumed by any application targeting Mono/.NET v3.5 or later.


On the to do list:
------------------

1. Support for try...catch...finally blocks in async methods.
2. Make FutureCollection&lt;T&gt; explicitly implement IEnumerable&lt;T&gt; and support Linq (AsyncLinq anyone?)
3. Make the post-compiler fix up sequence points to ease debugging pains in instrumented assemblies.
4. Tests, tests, tests!
...


License and Contributions
-------------------------

MIT/X11 and welcome, respectively :)

Commit message:

Added missing AssemblyInfo.cs files and build instructions.

Readme.markdown, after:

Overview
--------

Threading sucks. It takes work and expertise to correctly utilize multiple threads for an actual performance gain. Cirrus is a multimedia-oriented framework that will leverage [hybrid threading](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thread_%28computer_science%29#N:M_.28Hybrid_threading.29) for both increased concurrency and programmer sanity.

Currently, I am releasing the concurrency core of Cirrus which implements [fibers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiber_%28computer_science%29) with [coroutines](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coroutine). It is easy to learn and can be consumed by any application targeting Mono/.NET v3.5 or later.

Build Instructions
------------------

1. You'll need to clone the following Git repositories:
	* git://github.com/nirvanai/Cirrus.git
	* git://github.com/jbevain/cecil.git
	* git://github.com/mono/monodevelop.git
2. Compile Mono.Cecil from the second repo above and Cecil.Decompiler from the third (monodevelop/main/contrib/Mono.Cecil/Cecil.Decompiler) using MonoDevelop, Visual Studio or xbuild/msbuild.
3. Drop Mono.Cecil.dll and Cecil.Decompiler.dll in src/tools/cilc and compile Cirrus using your favorite build tool. A post-build hook should set up for MonoDevelop, but if you are using another tool, or just to be safe, you should run cilc.exe on Cirrus.dll after each build.

On the To Do List:
------------------

1. Support for try...catch...finally blocks in async methods.
2. Make FutureCollection&lt;T&gt; explicitly implement IEnumerable&lt;T&gt; and support Linq (AsyncLinq?)
3. Make the post-compiler fix up sequence points to ease debugging pains in instrumented assemblies.
4. Tests, tests, tests!
...


License and Contributions
-------------------------

MIT/X11 and welcome, respectively :)
